village.circle_of_ancients=Circle of the Ancients
village.settlement=Orcish Huntinghalls
village.outpost=Orcish Outpost
village.controlled=Orcish Hive City
village.controlled_farmlands=Orcish Hive Farmlands
village.controlled_lumberfarms=Orcish Hive Warmill



villager.assistant=Assistant
villager.assistantsmith=Assistant Smith
villager.armorsmith=Armorsmith
villager.armormaker=Armormaker
villager.smith=Warsmith
villager.masterwarsmith=Fortress Grandmaster-Warsmith
villager.banditarcher=Bandit Archer
villager.banditaxeman=Bandit Axeman
villager.banditlightswordsman=Bandit Light Swordsman
villager.banditswordsman=Bandit Swordsman
villager.boy=Boy
villager.builder=Masterbuilder
villager.builderwife=Builder
villager.builder_lesser=Peon
villager.builderwife_lesser=Serf
villager.captain=Warchief
villager.captainwife=Tribemother
villager.cattlefarmer=Bestiary Master
villager.cattlefarmerwife=Bestiary Mistress
villager.dyefarmer=Witchdoctor
villager.dyefarmerwife=Orcish Witch
villager.nurse=Healer
villager.farmer=Farmer
villager.farmerwife=Farmer's Wife
villager.girl=Girl
villager.leader=Orcish Leader
villager.lumberjack=Lumberjack
villager.merchant=Rogue
villager.miner=Mine Slave
villager.minerwife=Slaveoverseer
villager.priestess=Priestess
villager.circleleader=Circle Leader
villager.warlock=Warlock
villager.toolmaker=Toolmaker
villager.orc_dragonhunter=Orc Dragonhunter
villager.orc_warrior=Orc Elite Warrior
villager.orc_female_huntress=Huntress
villager.ogre_slave_warrior=Ogre Slave Warrior
villager.ogre_slave=Ogre Slave
villager.orc_wife=Wife
villager.townguard=Village Guard
villager.townguardarcher=Village Archer

shop.hospital=Potionbrewing
shop.bestiary=Cattle Farm
shop.butcher=Orcish Cook
shop.dyefarm=Witchdoctor's Hut
shop.warsmith=Warsmith
shop.armorsmith=Armorsmith
shop.armormaker=Armormaker
shop.bowmaker=Bowmaker
shop.toolmaker=Toolmaker
shop.towncenter=Townhall


goal.extractdyegreen=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyelightblue=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyelightgray=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyemagenta=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyeorange=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyepink=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyered=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyeyellow=Extracting Dye