culture.orcish=ORCS
culture.fullname=The ORCS!


goal.extractdyegreen=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyelightblue=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyelightgray=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyemagenta=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyeorange=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyepink=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyered=Extracting Dye
goal.extractdyeyellow=Extracting Dye

goal.makeorchunhelm=Making Hunting Helm
goal.makeorchunchest=Making Hunting Cuirass
goal.makeorchunlegs=Making Hunting Leggings
goal.makeorchunboots=Making Hunting Boots
goal.makeorcsword=Forging Orcish Sword
goal.makeorcbow=Forging Orcish Bow
goal.makeorcaxe=Making Orcish Axe
goal.makeorcpickaxe=Making Orcish Pickaxe
goal.makeorchoe=Making Orcish Hoe
goal.makeorcshovel=Making Orcish Shovel
goal.makeorcwarhelm=Forging Warrior Full Helm
goal.makeorcwarchest=Forging Warrior Chestplate
goal.makeorcwarlegs=Forging Warrior Greaves
goal.makeorcwarboots=Forging Warrior Boots